[firefox] Add 119, update 115 and 102 eol, notes for ESR/LTS (#3872)
captn3m0/endoflife.date: products/firefox.md

-   custom: true

# For non-LTS versions, eol(x) = releaseDate(x+1)

> # Next planned ESR/LTS is 128 on 2024-07-09
> # Check ESR/LTS planing on https://wiki.mozilla.org/Release_Management/Calendar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# For LTS version, eol(x) = releaseDate of the next major after the corresponding version last minor LTS on https://wiki.mozilla.org/Release_Management/Calendar, if available.
# Next planned ESR/LTS is 128 on 2024-07-09.
```

Don't know if it's clear, but it helps me understand how to ESR EOL dates are computed.

Author: The formulation is ok for me, will commit and merge.
